---
    title: Cyber Threat Intelligence Dictionary 
    date: 2024-01-01 
    categories: [Threat Intelligence]
    tags: [cybersecurity, threat intelligence]
    mermaid: true
---

# Let's get started
## A
- **Application Threats:** Attackers exploit the vulnerabilities present in an application to steal or destroy data.
- **Advanced Persistent Threats:** Advanced persistent threats (APTs) is defined as a type of network attack where an attacker gains unauthorized access to a target network and remains there undetected for a long period of time.
- **Adversary Behavioral Identification:** Adversary behavioral identification involves the identification of common methods or techniques followed by an adversary to launch attacks to penetrate an organization’s network.
- **Antivirus:** Antivirus (AV) software products defend both internal and external resources from viruses, Trojans, worms, etc.
- **Active Data Collection:** The active data collection is the method in which the data is collected from external networks or information systems that are under the control of the adversary.
- **Advanced Google Search Operators:** Advanced Google search operators can be used for creating complex search queries in order to extract sensitive or hidden information that helps an analyst to find crucial information about the potential threats.
- **Application programming interfaces:** Application programming interfaces (APIs) are parts of the Windows OS that allow external applications to access OS information such as file systems, threads, errors, registry, kernel, buttons, mouse pointer, network services, web, and the Internet.
- **Analysis of Competing Hypotheses:** Analysis of Competing Hypotheses (ACH) is an analytic process where multiple hypotheses that are collected by multiple analysts are competed against each other to extract the best hypotheses.
- **Analogy Analysis:** Analogy analysis refers to the process of analyzing the data by comparing with a relevant situation, which makes the understanding of the threat intelligence simpler.